n=8
[the number of bits of each integer that will be used for its hash code]

showInitialRelations=
[choose "yes" to see the contents of the initial relations before and
after the reordering or choose "no" so these details are not printed]

showAuxiliaryArrays=
[choose "yes" to see the contents of the histograms and the prefix sums
of both relations (and subrelations) or choose "no" to not display them]

showHashTable=
[choose "yes" to see the contents of the hash table that was built to
probe the two relational arrays]

showSubrelations=
[choose "yes" to see the contents concerning the subrelations (initial
contents, contents after reordering, histograms, prefix sums) or choose
"no" to not display any information about the subrelations. In case the
chosen value for this option is "yes", the initial contents as well as
the contents after the reordering will be printed only if the value of
the flag 'showInitialRelations' is "yes". The contents of the auxiliary
arrays will be printed if the value of 'showAuxiliaryArrays' is "yes".
The hash table contents will be displayed if 'showHashTable' is "yes"]

showResult=yes
[choose "yes" to see the contents of the result after the join operation
has been performed]

hopscotchBuckets=19391
[determines the amount of buckets that each hash table will have at the
moment it is created. It may grow with the insertion of many elements]

hopscotchRange=512
[determines the size of the neighborhood of each hash table entry when
the hash table is created. It may grow when many elements are inserted]

resizableByLoadFactor=yes
[determines whether or not the hash table may grow when the number of
elements divided by the number of buckets surpasses a specified constant.
The table will grow anyway when the Hopscotch algorithm imposes it, no
matter the value of this option, but this option, if enabled, will make
the table grow even in cases that the Hopscotch algorithm did not impose
it, just when the amount of elements over buckets surpasses a limit]

loadFactor=0.9
[the limit that, if surpassed by the amount elements/buckets, forces the
table to grow even if it was not required by the Hopscotch algorithm]

maxArraySizeDividedByCacheSize=0.85
[determines the maximum allowed size a relational array may have so as
it does not need to be partitioned. This size is analogous to the cache
size. For example, if this option has value 0.85, that means the max
allowed size of any array so as it does not need to be partitioned is
85% of the size of the cache]

maxPartitionDepth=2
[Determines the maximum depth of the partitions that will be performed]
